docs: add glossary page (#11525)
rook/rook: Documentation/Getting-Started/glossary.md

> # Glossary

Reviewer: We need an entry for this doc in `.pages` to get the expected ordering instead of last in the TOC. How about after the Getting Started doc?

> # Glossary

Author: Hi @travisn I have added an entry in `.pages` file as well.

### MON

Ceph Monitor is a daemon that maintains a map of the state of the cluster. This “cluster state” includes the monitor map, the manager map, the OSD map, and the CRUSH map. A Ceph cluster must contain a minimum of three running monitors in order to be both redundant and highly-available. Ceph monitors and the nodes on which they run are often referred to as “mon”s.

### MGR

The Ceph manager software, which collects all the state from the whole cluster in one place.

### MDS

The Ceph MetaData Server daemon. Also referred to as “ceph-mds”. The Ceph metadata server daemon must be running in any Ceph cluster that runs the CephFS file system. The MDS stores all filesystem metadata.

### OSD

Ceph Object Storage Daemon. The Ceph OSD software, which interacts with logical disks.

### RBD

The block storage component of Ceph. Also called "RADOS Block Device". It's a software instrument that orchestrates the storage of block-based data in Ceph.

### RGW

RADOS Gate Way. The component of Ceph that provides a gateway to both the Amazon S3 RESTful API and the OpenStack Swift API.

## Kubernetes

> Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. Here are some of the important terms from kubernetes perspective: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. Here are some important terms related to kubernetes: 
```

Also, it could be helpul to add links to their definitions in the kubernetes glossary

* CSI
* CustomResourceDefinition (CRDs)
* Deployment
* DaemonSet
* Finalizer
* Node affinity
* nodeSelector
* Storage classes
* Toleration

> * Volume

Reviewer: How about also adding PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim?

Author: sure added.

> For further information see also the [Kubernetes Glossary](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary) for more definitions.

Reviewer: How about moving this line before the list of terms?

Author: sure

### Ceph CSI

Ceph CSI plugins implement an interface between a CSI-enabled Container Orchestrator (CO) and Ceph clusters. For further information, please check out [CSI Driver documentation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Storage-Configuration/Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers/).

### Krew Plugin

The [Rook Krew plugin](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Troubleshooting/krew-plugin/) is a tool to help troubleshoot your Rook cluster.

### OpenShift

> OpenShift Container Platform is a cloud-based Kubernetes container platform. The foundation of OpenShift Container Platform is based on Kubernetes and therefore shares the same technology.

Reviewer: Let's simplify this, and perhaps add a link.
```suggestion
OpenShift Container Platform is a distribution of the Kubernetes container platform. 
```

### Object Bucket Claim (OBC)

> An Object Bucket Claim (OBC) is custom resource which requests a bucket (new or existing). For further reference please refer to [OBC Custom Resource](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/ceph-object-bucket-claim/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Object Bucket Claim (OBC) is custom resource which requests a bucket (new or existing) from a Ceph object store. For further reference please refer to [OBC Custom Resource](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/ceph-object-bucket-claim/).
```

### Object Bucket (OB)

An Object Bucket (OB) is a custom resource automatically generated when a bucket is provisioned. It is a global resource, typically not visible to non-admin users, and contains information specific to the bucket.

### Toolbox

The [Rook toolbox](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/Troubleshooting/ceph-toolbox/) is a container with common tools used for rook debugging and testing.

## Rook CRDs
### CephCluster CRDs

Rook allows creation and customization of storage clusters through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). For more information about the different modes of creation of clusters, refer our [documentation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd/).

### Host Storage Cluster

> A [host storage cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster/) is one where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A [host storage cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster/) is where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host.
```

> A [host storage cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster/) is one where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [host storage cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster/) is one where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host devices.
```

### PVC Storage Cluster

> In a [PVC-based cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/pvc-cluster/), the Ceph persistent data is stored on volumes requested from a storage class of your choice.

Reviewer 2: What does PVC mean? Also, this definition could be more clear

### Stretch Storage Cluster

> For environments that only have two failure domains available where data can be replicated, consider the case where one failure domain is down and the data is still fully available in the remaining failure domain. To support this scenario, Ceph has integrated support for [stretch clusters](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/stretch-cluster/).

Reviewer 2: This definition is not clear

### External Storage Cluster

An [external cluster](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/) is a Ceph configuration that is managed outside of the local K8s cluster.

> ### CephBlockPool CRD

Reviewer 2: Can we unify the titles here? There's no need for CRD in the names since it's implied from the section name. Should they include spaces?

> Rook allows creation and customization of storage pools through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). The following settings are available for pools. For more information and examples refer this [documentation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd/).

Reviewer 2: CephBlockPool is the CRD used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage pools. For more information and examples, please refer to [the documentation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd/).

Reviewer 2: Let's restructure the "Rook allows ...." definitions to look like this

### CephFilesystem CRD

Rook allows creation and customization of shared filesystems through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). Check out the examples [here](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-filesystem-crd/#examples).

### CephFilesystemMirror CRD

Rook allows [creation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-fs-mirror-crd/#creating-daemon) and updating the Ceph fs-mirror daemon through the custom resource definitions (CRDs).

### CephObjectStore CRD

Rook allows [creation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-store-crd/#example) and customization of object stores through the custom resource definitions (CRDs).

### CephClient CRD

Rook allows [creation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/ceph-client-crd/) and updating clients through the custom resource definitions (CRDs).

### CephNFS CRD

Rook allows exporting NFS shares of a CephFilesystem or CephObjectStore through the CephNFS custom resource definition. For further information please refer to the example [here](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/ceph-nfs-crd/#example).

> 

Reviewer: There are several missing CRDs, could we add all these with this PR? Here is the full list:
```
$ k create -f crds.yaml 
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephblockpoolradosnamespaces.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephblockpools.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephbucketnotifications.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephbuckettopics.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephclients.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephclusters.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephfilesystemmirrors.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephfilesystems.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephfilesystemsubvolumegroups.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephnfses.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectrealms.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectstores.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectstoreusers.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectzonegroups.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephobjectzones.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cephrbdmirrors.ceph.rook.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/objectbucketclaims.objectbucket.io created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/objectbuckets.objectbucket.io created
```

### Krew Plugin

The [Rook Krew plugin](../Troubleshooting/krew-plugin.md) is a tool to help troubleshoot your Rook cluster.

### OpenShift

[OpenShift](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift/container-platform) Container Platform is a distribution of the Kubernetes container platform.

### Object Bucket Claim (OBC)

An Object Bucket Claim (OBC) is custom resource which requests a bucket (new or existing) from a Ceph object store. For further reference please refer to [OBC Custom Resource](../Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/ceph-object-bucket-claim.md).

### Object Bucket (OB)

An Object Bucket (OB) is a custom resource automatically generated when a bucket is provisioned. It is a global resource, typically not visible to non-admin users, and contains information specific to the bucket.

### Toolbox

The [Rook toolbox](../Troubleshooting/ceph-toolbox.md) is a container with common tools used for rook debugging and testing.

> ### CephBlockPool CRD

Reviewer 2: Alphabetize the headings here

### CephRBDMirror CRD

CephRBDMirror CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and updating rbd-mirror daemon(s) through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-rbd-mirror-crd.md).

### External Storage Cluster

An [external cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster.md) is a Ceph configuration that is managed outside of the local K8s cluster.

### Host Storage Cluster

A [host storage cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster.md) is where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host devices.

### PVC Storage Cluster

In a [PersistentVolumeClaim-based cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/pvc-cluster.md), the Ceph persistent data is stored on volumes requested from a storage class of your choice.

### Stretch Storage Cluster

A stretched cluster is a deployment model in which two or more virtualization host servers are part of the same logical cluster but are located in separate geographical locations. To support this scenario, Ceph has integrated support for [stretch clusters](../CRDs/Cluster/stretch-cluster.md).

## Ceph

> [Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/) is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics. See also the [Ceph Glossary](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/) is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics. See also the [Ceph Glossary](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/). Here are a few of the important terms to understand:
```

* [Ceph Monitor](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Monitor) (MON)
* [Ceph Manager](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Manager) (MGR)
* [Ceph Metadata Server](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-MDS) (MDS)
* [Object Storage Device](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-OSD) (OSD)
* [RADOS Block Device](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Block-Device) (RBD)
* [Ceph Object Gateway](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Object-Gateway) (RGW)

## Kubernetes

Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. For further information see also the [Kubernetes Glossary](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary) for more definitions. Here are a few of the important terms to understand:

> * Container Storage Interface (CSI) for Kubernetes
> * CustomResourceDefinition (CRDs)
> * Deployment
> * DaemonSet
> * Finalizer
> * Node affinity
> * nodeSelector
> * PersistentVolume (PV)
> * PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC)
> * Storage classes
> * Toleration
> * Volume

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-affinity)
* [Container Storage Interface (CSI)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-csi) for Kubernetes
* [CustomResourceDefinition (CRDs)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-CustomResourceDefinition)
* [DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-daemonset)
* [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-deployment)
* [Finalizer](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-finalizer)
* [PersistentVolume (PV)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-persistent-volume)
* [PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-persistent-volume-claim)
* [Selector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-selector)
* [Storage Class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-storageclass)
* [Taint](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-taint)
* [Toleration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-toleration)
* [Volume](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-volume)
```

# Glossary

## Rook

### CephBlockPool CRD

The [CephBlockPool CRD](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage pools.

### CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace CRD

> CephBlockPoolRados Namespace CRD is used by Rook to allow creation of Ceph BlockPool RadosNamespaces. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-rados-namespace-crd.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace CRD](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-rados-namespace-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation of Ceph RADOS Namespaces.
```

### CephClient CRD

CephClient CRD is used by Rook to allow [creation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/ceph-client-crd/) and updating clients.

### CephCluster CRD

> CephCluster CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage clusters through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). For more information about the different modes of creation of clusters, refer to our [documentation](../CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md).

Reviewer: For the CRDs, how about just putting a link on the CRD name like this? Then we don't need a separate generic statement about referring to the docs.
```suggestion
The [CephCluster CRD](../CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage clusters through the custom resource definitions (CRDs).
```

### Ceph CSI

> Ceph CSI plugins implement an interface between a CSI-enabled Container Orchestrator (CO) and Ceph clusters. For further information, please check out [CSI Driver documentation](../Storage-Configuration/Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Ceph CSI plugins](../Storage-Configuration/Ceph-CSI/ceph-csi-drivers.md) implement an interface between a CSI-enabled Container Orchestrator (CO) and Ceph clusters.
```

### CephFilesystem CRD

> CephFilesystem CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of shared filesystems through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). Check out the examples [here](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-filesystem-crd.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CephFilesystem CRD](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-filesystem-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of shared filesystems through the custom resource definitions (CRDs).
```

### CephFilesystemMirror CRD

> CephFilesystemMirror CRD is used by Rook to allow [creation](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-fs-mirror-crd.md) and updating the Ceph fs-mirror daemon.

Reviewer: On all the CRDs, let's have the link to their topics directly on the CRD name like this. Please also apply similar changes to other topics, even though I don't add suggestions on all of them.
```suggestion
The [CephFilesystemMirror CRD](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-fs-mirror-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation and updating the Ceph fs-mirror daemon.
```

* [Ceph Object Gateway](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Object-Gateway) (RGW)

## Kubernetes

Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. For further information see also the [Kubernetes Glossary](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary) for more definitions. Here are a few of the important terms to understand:

* [Affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-affinity)
* [Container Storage Interface (CSI)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-csi) for Kubernetes
* [CustomResourceDefinition (CRDs)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-CustomResourceDefinition)
* [DaemonSet](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-daemonset)
* [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-deployment)
* [Finalizer](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?all=true#term-finalizer)
* [Node affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pods-nodes-using-node-affinity/)

> * [nodeSelector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector)

Reviewer: For consistency and readability it will be nice to capitalize it and perhaps make it two words
```suggestion
* [Node Selector](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector)
```

# Glossary

> ## Rook

Reviewer: nit: blank line between titles
```suggestion
## Rook

```

### Krew Plugin

The [Rook Krew plugin](../Troubleshooting/krew-plugin.md) is a tool to help troubleshoot your Rook cluster.

### OpenShift

[OpenShift](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift/container-platform) Container Platform is a distribution of the Kubernetes container platform.

### Object Bucket Claim (OBC)

An Object Bucket Claim (OBC) is custom resource which requests a bucket (new or existing) from a Ceph object store. For further reference please refer to [OBC Custom Resource](../Storage-Configuration/Object-Storage-RGW/ceph-object-bucket-claim.md).

### Object Bucket (OB)

An Object Bucket (OB) is a custom resource automatically generated when a bucket is provisioned. It is a global resource, typically not visible to non-admin users, and contains information specific to the bucket.

### Toolbox

The [Rook toolbox](../Troubleshooting/ceph-toolbox.md) is a container with common tools used for rook debugging and testing.

> ## Rook CRDs

Reviewer: How about removing this title, and just alphabetize all the CRDs as part of the main Rook section? The CRDs will anyway be naturally grouped when alphabetical.
```suggestion
```

### CephCluster CRD

CephCluster CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage clusters through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). For more information about the different modes of creation of clusters, refer to our [documentation](../CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md).

### External Storage Cluster

An [external cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster.md) is a Ceph configuration that is managed outside of the local K8s cluster.

### Host Storage Cluster

A [host storage cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/host-cluster.md) is where Rook configures Ceph to store data directly on the host devices.

### PVC Storage Cluster

In a [PersistentVolumeClaim-based cluster](../CRDs/Cluster/pvc-cluster.md), the Ceph persistent data is stored on volumes requested from a storage class of your choice.

### Stretch Storage Cluster

A stretched cluster is a deployment model in which two or more virtualization host servers are part of the same logical cluster but are located in separate geographical locations. To support this scenario, Ceph has integrated support for [stretch clusters](../CRDs/Cluster/stretch-cluster.md).

### CephBlockPool CRD

> CephBlockPool CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage pools. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd.md).

Reviewer: Some of the definitions have a link directly on the name of the topic, and others have a sentence like "For more information...". For consistency on all of them, I would suggest we don't have a separate sentence "For more information...". Let's just add the link directly on the name of the topic. 
```suggestion
The [CephBlockPool CRD](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-crd.md) is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of storage pools.
```

> ### CephBlockPoolRados Namespace CRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CephBlockPoolRadosNamespace CRD
```

CephBlockPoolRados Namespace CRD is used by Rook to allow creation of Ceph BlockPool RadosNamespaces. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-block-pool-rados-namespace-crd.md).

### CephRBDMirror CRD

CephRBDMirror CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and updating rbd-mirror daemon(s) through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Block-Storage/ceph-rbd-mirror-crd.md).

> ### CephFilesystem CRD

Reviewer: Need to alphabetize all the CRDs. For example, this should be before the rbd mirror.

CephFilesystem CRD is used by Rook to allow creation and customization of shared filesystems through the custom resource definitions (CRDs). Check out the examples [here](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-filesystem-crd.md).

### CephFilesystemMirror CRD

CephFilesystemMirror CRD is used by Rook to allow [creation](../CRDs/Shared-Filesystem/ceph-fs-mirror-crd.md) and updating the Ceph fs-mirror daemon.

> ### FilesystemSubVolumeGroup CRD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CephFilesystemSubVolumeGroup CRD
```

CephObjectRealm CRD is used by Rook to allow creation of a realm in a Ceph Object Multisite configuration. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-realm-crd.md).

### CephObjectZoneGroup CRD

CephObjectZoneGroup CRD is used by Rook to allow creation of zone groups in a Ceph Object Multisite configuration. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-zonegroup-crd.md).

### CephObjectZone CRD

CephObjectZone CRD is used by Rook to allow creation of zones in a ceph cluster for a Ceph Object Multisite configuration. For more information and examples refer to this [documentation](../CRDs/Object-Storage/ceph-object-zone-crd.md).

### CephClient CRD

CephClient CRD is used by Rook to allow [creation](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/ceph-client-crd/) and updating clients.

### CephNFS CRD

CephNFS CRD is used by Rook to allow exporting NFS shares of a CephFilesystem or CephObjectStore through the CephNFS custom resource definition. For further information please refer to the example [here](https://rook.io/docs/rook/latest/CRDs/ceph-nfs-crd/#example).

## Ceph

> Ceph is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ceph](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/) is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics. See also the [Ceph Glossary](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/).
```

* [Ceph Monitor](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Monitor) (MON)
* [Ceph Manager](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Manager) (MGR)
* [Ceph Metadata Server](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-MDS) (MDS)
* [Object Storage Device](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-OSD) (OSD)
* [RADOS Block Device](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Block-Device) (RBD)
* [Ceph Object Gateway](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/#term-Ceph-Object-Gateway) (RGW)

> See also the [Ceph Glossary](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/) for more definitions.

Reviewer: How about combining this with the other sentence above?

Author: @travisn sure done.

## Kubernetes

> Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. For further information see also the [Kubernetes Glossary](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary) for more definitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. For further information see also the [Kubernetes Glossary](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary) for more definitions. Here are a few of the important terms to understand:
```

> Here are some important terms related to kubernetes: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* CSI
* CustomResourceDefinition (CRDs)
* Deployment
* DaemonSet
* Finalizer
* Node affinity
* nodeSelector
* PersistentVolume (PV)
* PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC)
* Storage classes
* Toleration

> * Volume

Reviewer 2: Add full name for CSI, and include links to the terms in the k8s glossary as we did in ceph above.

# Glossary

> 

Reviewer: A few overall thoughts:
- Let's define Rook terms that are found in the Rook docs. It would be good to have a definition for each CRD, and link each one to its CRD doc.
- Let's not redefine the K8s and Ceph terms. Definitions like CSI, StorageClass, PVC, and PV, seems like we should just let them find those in the K8s glossary. To make it searchable on the glossary page, maybe we just mention the names of some of the common K8s or Ceph terms, then link to those pages. A few of the really common K8s and Ceph terms may make sense to include in the Rook glossary, but very few.
- Let's define things in terms of Rook, and not copy definitions from other glossaries.

Thanks for putting this together. It's difficult to see in advance how the docs should look!

## Ceph

> Ceph is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceph is a distributed network storage and file system with distributed metadata management and POSIX semantics. See also the [Ceph Glossary](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/) for more definitions.
```

### MON

Ceph Monitor is a daemon that maintains a map of the state of the cluster. This “cluster state” includes the monitor map, the manager map, the OSD map, and the CRUSH map. A Ceph cluster must contain a minimum of three running monitors in order to be both redundant and highly-available. Ceph monitors and the nodes on which they run are often referred to as “mon”s.

### OSD

Ceph Object Storage Daemon. The Ceph OSD software, which interacts with logical disks.

### MGR 

The Ceph manager software, which collects all the state from the whole cluster in one place.

### RADOS

Reliable Autonomic Distributed Object Store. RADOS is the object store that provides a scalable service for variably-sized objects. The RADOS object store is the core component of a Ceph cluster.

> ### RADOS Cluster

Author: @travisn sure i think we can skip it here.

A proper subset of the Ceph Cluster consisting of OSDs, Ceph Monitors, and Ceph Managers.

### MDS

The Ceph MetaData Server daemon. Also referred to as “ceph-mds”. The Ceph metadata server daemon must be running in any Ceph cluster that runs the CephFS file system. The MDS stores all filesystem metadata.

### RBD

> The block storage component of Ceph. Also called "RADOS Block Device". Its a software instrument that orchestrates the storage of block-based data in Ceph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The block storage component of Ceph. Also called "RADOS Block Device". It's a software instrument that orchestrates the storage of block-based data in Ceph.
```

### RGW

RADOS Gate Way. The component of Ceph that provides a gateway to both the Amazon S3 RESTful API and the OpenStack Swift API.

For more Ceph related terms, please refer to the [Ceph Glossary page](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/glossary/).

## Kubernetes

Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.

> 

Reviewer: Also add a link to the Kubernetes glossary

Author: sure.

>     Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kubernetes, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications.
```

Author: sure it makes sense. I have increased the Heading size of Both Ceph and Kubernetes.

### Storage Classes

A [StorageClass](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/#introduction) provides a way for administrators to describe the "classes" of storage they offer.

### PV

A PersistentVolume (PV) is a piece of storage in the cluster that has been provisioned by an administrator or dynamically provisioned using Storage Classes. It is a resource in the cluster just like a node is a cluster resource.

### PVC

A PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) is a request for storage by a user. It is similar to a Pod. Pods consume node resources and PVCs consume PV resources. Pods can request specific levels of resources (CPU and Memory). Claims can request specific size and access modes (e.g., they can be mounted ReadWriteOnce, ReadOnlyMany or ReadWriteMany). Please refer [Access Modes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes)

> ### CustomResourceDefinitions or CRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs)
```
